Added TPCDS to Delta OSS benchmark framework (#973)
delta-io/delta: benchmarks/README.md

    ```
    The above metrics are also written to a json file and uploaded to the given path. Please verify that both the table and report are generated in that path. 

#### Run 1GB TPC-DS
Now that you are familiar with how the framework runs the workload, you can try running the small scale TPC-DS benchmark.

1. Load data as Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i <PEM_FILE> --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-1gb-delta-load`

2. Run queries on Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i <PEM_FILE> --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-1gb-delta`

### Run 3TB TPC-DS
Finally, you are all set up to run the full scale benchmark. Similar to the 1GB benchmark, run the following

> 1. Load data as Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i ~/.ssh/my_ec2_key --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-3tb-delta-load`
> 
> 2. Run queries on Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i ~/.ssh/my_ec2_key --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-3tb-delta`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Load data as Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i <PEM_FILE> --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-3tb-delta-load`

2. Run queries on Delta tables: `./run-benchmark.py --cluster-hostname <HOSTNAME> -i <PEM_FILE> --benchmark-path <BENCHMARK_PATH> --benchmark tpcds-3tb-delta`
```
For consistency?

Author: right!
